OSDOCS-16180 [NETOBSERV] Add sentence about configuring using console plugin (#100146)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowcollector-view.adoc

[id="network-observability-flowcollector-view_{context}"]
= View the FlowCollector resource

> You can view and edit YAML directly in the {product-title} web console, or by  using the network observability console plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowCollector can be viewed and modified in the {product-title} web console through the integrated setup, advanced form, or by editing the YAML directly.
```
